I'm Phil Gail welcome to the program we
begin with fresh hopes of a ceasefire
and release of hostages in Gaza Hamas
says it is studying a new three-phase
proposal put forward by International
mediators following talks with the
Israeli side in Paris the White House
says progress is being made but Israel's
prime minister Benyamin Netanyahu has
ruled out any military withdrawal from
Gaza or mass release of Hamas
prisoners I hear comments about all
sorts of
deals so I want to make it
clear we will not end this war without
achieving all of our
goals this means the elimination of
Hamas the return of all our
abductees and the promise that Gaza will
no longer pose a threat to
Israel we will not pull the IDF from the
Gaza Strip and we will not release
thousands of terrorists none of this
will happen what will happen absolute
Victory well our correspondent Tanya
Kramer in Jerusalem told me more about
the Diplomatic efforts to secure a
ceasefire well we understand that uh um
there is a framework that's being uh
worked out there was a meeting uh in
Paris on Sunday uh the heads of the CIA
and the mosad and the mediators from
Qatar and Egypt were meeting uh there uh
this kind of frame framework as it's
reported could see a temporary ceasefire
um with some of the Israeli hostages
that remain in Gaza are being released
in exchange for uh Palestinian prisoners
held in uh Israeli uh prisons but there
are a lot of mixed messages uh coming
out uh and you know depending on which
report uh you're reading uh the gaps
between the two sides Israel and Hamas
are either wide or narrowing uh Hamas
has said that um they want to see a full
withdrawal of Israeli forces and also a
full stop to the uh hostilities before
there will release any hostages we
understand one of the Hamas leaders isma
hania who's one of those uh abroad will
be traveling to Cairo to uh discuss the
proposal but we also heard mixed
messages from the Israeli government
prime minister Benyamin Netanyahu said
in a speech given in an Israeli
settlement in the occupied West Bank
that um Israel that the reports are
untrue that Israel will release
thousands of terrorists as he said it uh
speaking uh to that particular audience
he also has a lot of pressure from his
far right uh uh um Coalition Partners
who have said if this is a bad deal they
will uh quit the government basically
but there is a lot of pressure in Israel
from uh the public uh they say uh the
time is really running out for those
hostages remaining uh in Gaza and that
the government has to come to some kind
of agreement to bring those hostages
back
home Dan Kramer in Jerusalem well
meanwhile Israel's military says it has
killed three members of what it
described as a terrorist cell at a
hospital in the occupied West Bank
Israel's repeatedly targeted the city of
Janine in recent months the Iran backed
Islamic Jihad group said two of the men
killed belong to its armed Wing Hamas
confirmed the other was one of its
members many countries classify Hamas as
a terrorist
organization Israeli forces storm a
hospital disguised as Medics and
Palestinian
civilians this the aftermath of the
shooting of three members of Palestinian
armed
groups the hospital's director described
what
happened and
at 5:30 a.m. this morning the occupation
Special Forces sneaked into the
corridors of the
hospital they sneaked into the
courtyards from the northern and
southern
entrances they were disguised in nurse
uniforms doctors and civilian
clothes they sneaked into the third
floor they rang the bell and the door
was
closed they rang the bell to enter the
department
Israel said the men were planning to
carry out an attack and that this is
another example of the cynical use of
Civilian areas and hospitals shelters
and human Shields by terrorist
organizations alasam the military wing
of Hamas claimed one of the
Dead Palestinian Islamic Jihad said the
other two men were members of their
militant
group the hospital where Tuesday's
operation took place is located in the
city of Janine in the occupied West
Bank the facility is just over 1
kilometer from Janine refugee camp where
more than 10,000 displaced Palestinians
live Israel regularly carries out raids
in the camp
which is known to house members of
militant
groups the United Nations says more than
360 Palestinians have been killed by
Israeli forces or settlers in the
occupied West Bank since a Hamas Terror
attacks on October
7th